git config --global user.name "German Chyzhov"
git config --global user.email "german.chyzhov@gmail.com"


git config --global core.autocrlf input
git config --global core.safecrlf true


git init

1)
git config --global alias.co checkout
git config --global alias.ci commit
git config --global alias.st status
git config --global alias.br branch
git config --global alias.hist 'log --pretty=format:"%h %ad | %s%d [%an]" --graph --date=short'
git config --global alias.type 'cat-file -t'
git config --global alias.dump 'cat-file -p'

2) Create develop branch. Create index.html empty file. Commit
git checkout -b develop
git add -A
git commit -m "First commit"

3) Create branch with any name. Checkout. Add some images folder with images inside it. Commit.
   Change your index.html. Add some image src inside it. Commit.
git checkout -b custom-branch
git add -A
git commit -m "Add some images"

4) Go back to develop branch.
git checkout develop

5) Create branch with any name. Add some styles folder with styles source inside it. Commit.
git checkout -b custom-branch1
git add -A
git commit -m "Add styles"

6) Change your index.html. Add some styles inside it. Commit.
git add -A
git commit -m "Add style"

7) Go to develop branch.
   Merge two new branches into develop using git merge command.
   Don’t delete two new branches!
git checkout develop
git merge custom-branch
git merge custom-branch1
#merge here

8) Merge develop into master
git checkout master
git merge develop

9) Repeat 7-15 items once more, but now use git rebase command for merging. Please, create situation with conflicts. It is will be better for your understanding.
git checkout -b styles-rebase
git add -A
git commit -m "Add some styles"

git add -A
git commit -m "Add some style"


git checkout -b image-rebase
git add -A
git commit -m "Add some images"

git add -A
git commit -m "Add some image"

git checkout styles-rebase
git rebase -i develop
git checkout develop
git merge styles-rebase

git checkout image-rebase
git rebase -i develop
git checkout develop
git merge image-rebase









































